set pagesize 3000;
set colsep '|';
select newsstand,count(*)
from
(select newsstand,
operationdate,
service+incidence as ser,
return as dev,
service+incidence-return as ven
from fn3operation
where header='MARCA' and
product='DIARIO' and
service+incidence-return>10 and
return=0 AND
substr(newsstand,1,3)='028' and
newsstand='028103600624' and
operationdate>To_date('20030501','yyyymmdd')
union
select newsstand,
operationdate,
service+incidence as ser,
return as dev,
service+incidence-return as ven
from fn3operationnotcontrolled
where header='MARCA' and
product='DIARIO' and
service+incidence-return>15 and
return=0 AND
substr(newsstand,1,3)='028' and
operationdate>To_date('20030501','yyyymmdd')) ope
where
ope.dev=0
group by newsstand
order by count(*);





set pagesize 3000;
set colsep '|';
select newsstand,count(*)
from fn3operation
where header='MARCA' and
product='DIARIO' and
service+incidence-return>10 and
return=0 AND
substr(newsstand,1,3)='028' and
operationdate>To_date('20030501','yyyymmdd')
group by newsstand
order by count(*);


